+++
date = "2017-03-05T22:38:24-05:00"
title = "social media"
weight = 0
draft = false

+++

When groups form, social interaction is key.  And in today's world, there's
nothing more univsersal than Facebook when it comes to broad participation.
Which is not to say that everyone is on Facebook. You might be surprised if you
take a poll of your members how many actually aren't on Facebook.  But for the
purposes of this article, we'll ignore that.  A lot of your members *are* on
facebook, so you need to give them a place to live.

## Facebook Groups

A Facebook group is a well-defined placve where your members can go to talk to
each other.  There are a few different options you can choose when making a
Facebook group, but the only one that really matters is the privacy. There's 3
different privacy levels - public, private, and secret.  

If your group is public, then anyone can see the members of the group and what
people post in the group, even if the viewer is not a member of the group.

If your group is private, then anyone can see that the group exists, and how
many members there are, but they can't see any of the posts nor who is actually
in the group.

If your group is secret, then the very existence of the group is hidden, and
only people who are explicitly invited to the group can join it.

For most people's purposes when making a political group, I believe Private is
the right choice.  This makes your group discoverable, but it means that people
in the group don't accidentally let their political leanings spill out into
their friends' feeds. This is especially true for business owners and other
prominent figures who might not want their customers seeing their latest rant
about politics.

## Facebook Pages

You ALSO need a Facebook page.  Yes, you can have both, and yes they can have
the same name.  Why have both?  Because your Facebook group will very rapidly
become a torren of reposted news articles and funny pictures.  Once that
happens, the signal to noise ratio will drop to the point where the good and
important posts (like meeting announcements and group actions) get lost in the
sheer volume of stuff from other people.

Your Facebook page is a curated list of high quality content that can only be
posted to by a small number of people who are trusted to keep the crap off your
page.  This is where people will go to see important announcements of upcoming
events, high quality news articles, etc.

In addition, Facebook pages are where most Facebook integrations will drop blog
posts, so you need one for that reason. It's also a place for your public
presence on Facebook (since your group is private, right?)

## Twitter

Twitter is a great way to disseminate information far and wide.  It can also be
a sesspool and a giant time sink as you scroll through innumerable useless
postings.  A *lot* of journalists and politicians are on Twitter, and often
times you'll hear about things on twitter long before they're picked up on news
sites.  It's less essential than Facebook for small groups, but I think it's an
important way to establish yourself on twitter.  Make an account, link to
important posts on your website, follow high quality accounts (journalists and
politicians are usually a good bet), and retweet high quality information.  It's
not a huge win, but you don't have to put in a ton of time.  Don't bother trying
to read everything in your twitter feed, just do your best one in a while to
make sure people know your twitter acount still exists.