+++
date = "2017-03-05T23:19:15-05:00"
title = "webpage"
weight = 0
draft = false

+++

## Presence

Your website is your biggest presence on the web.  Everyone has a browser.  No
one needs to log in to view it.  Don't mess this one up.

## Just Use Wordpress

You can get Wordpress instances for fairly cheap in various places.
Wordpress.com will give you a wordpress site for $3 a month.  That's pocket
change for almost any group.  Ask for donations in your first meeting and you'll
cover the cost for a year, easily.

Why Wordpress?  Because it's universal.  There are a million help articles for
it, there are a million places to host it, and there are a million plugins for
it.  It does anything you could want it to do.  It's not sexy, but it can look
pretty good pretty easily, and it's easy to use.  That latter part is really
important for us. If you're the technical guru on your team, you don't want to
be stuck doing every since website update.  You want other people to be able to
add information to the website so you can deal with other things.

In addition to being easy to use, every other system has some kind of Wordpress
integration, or wordpress has a plugin for the other system.  Often both.  This
is critical, because taming 100 different platforms is hard with a small team.

## A Single Source Of Truth

In programming there's a concept called the single source of truth.  It means
that for any one piece of informtion, there should be one and exactly one root
place for that information to exist, such that if you update that one place,
everyone else that relies on that information gets updated as well.  This is how
you reduce extra work when you need to update information, it also eliminates
the chance that you forget to update some places.

This is applicable to our groups, because so much of group communication has to
get pushed to different channels. You need to post to your email list, to your
facebook page, to the website, so Nextdoor.... no one wants to copy and paste
the same message to all those places.  It's a hassle, and it's unworkable once
you have multiple people adding information to your group.

For us, the best single source of truth is our Wordpress website.  All
information is entered there, and is then pushed out via various integrations to
other channels.  With categories in Wordpress, we can let various integrations
filter down to fairly narrow classes of posts, such as events, or actions, which
can be useful in controlling how the information is pushed out.  It requires
some minor amount of discipline on the posting side, but that is going to be the
case no matter what you do.